Major Constitution Revision (#16)
ritsec/constitution: terms.tex

    Members of E-Board hold the trust of the club members to make decisions for
    the club's benefit and longevity. E-Board Members will be appointed
    according to the defined election proceedings.

  \item Assistance Board (A-Board) - The A-Board will provide support
    to E-Board for competitions, events, and goals. Members of A-Board will
    report to assigned E-Board members. A-Board Members will be appointed according to
    the defined election proceedings.

  \item Impeachment - The forced removal of an E-Board or A-Board member from
    their position within RITSEC.

>   \item Absence - An absence is an E-Board, A-Board, Club Advisor member who

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Absence - An absence is an E-Board, A-Board, Club Advisor, or member who
```

    has a responsibility to attend an RITSEC meeting, RITSEC E-Board meeting,
    RITSEC event, or RITSEC competition and does not.

  \item Stepping down - An RITSEC E-Board or A-Board member that chooses to
    give up their position and responsibilities.

  \item Club Member - A club member is recognized by RITSEC as an individual
    who has fulfilled the requirements for club membership as defined in
    4 RITSEC A(I).

  \item RITSEC Event - An event using RITSEC resources and/or RITSEC funds or
    that is ran or promoted by RITSEC.

  \item RITSEC Competition - An event which is security-related and competitive
    in nature and separate from regular RITSEC meetings.

  \item Independent Programs - A program that provides benefit to RITSEC and
    its members for which it receives funding and has independent governance.

  \item Information Security Talent Search (ISTS) - A subset of RITSEC 
    Competitions. ISTS is a several day collegiate
    Advanced Blue/Red Competition with features such as Purple Teaming, 
    King of the Hill, and other elements.
  

>   \item Incident Response Security Competitions (IRSeC) - A subset of RITSEC 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Incident Response Security Competition (IRSeC) - A subset of RITSEC 
```

    Competitions. IRSeC is a single day Blue/Red 
    beginner competition open to only students at RIT.

>   \item RITSEC CTF - A subset of RITSEC Competitions which is several day

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item RITSEC CTF - A subset of RITSEC Competitions which is a several day
```

    Jeopardy-style Capture the Flag Competition that is open to anyone.
  

>   \item Black Team - A subset of RITSEC Competitions which is a group of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Black Team - A critical component of all RITSEC Competitions, a group of 
```

>     Competition Architect chosen individuals which are responsible for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    individuals chosen by Competition Architects which are responsible for the
```

>     development and production of RITSEC Competitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    development and production of their respective events.
```
